Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi, how are you
Sherrie Martinez: I'm good, how are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am good. How are things going
Sherrie Martinez: Let me turn on my TV.
Sherrie Martinez: Okay do that everything's fine.
Sherrie Martinez: So far, yes. I just have it came. I came back from my dad, Kevin. We have to keep the horses.
Sherrie Martinez: Because we don't have any luck, you know, people to work anymore. So I have yet to go feed the horses doc and Isabella
Sherrie Martinez: So I was up until Creek. Yeah, so that was kind of cool.
Sherrie Martinez: Now,
Sherrie Martinez: To get out. Yeah, that's finally that was one
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So when you get to go back
Sherrie Martinez: And I think that's going to be my turn next Friday Thursday or Friday, I have to see with my sister to see because they have
Sherrie Martinez: To do two different cabins once being built in Tulsa and there's two different ones. There's one in cow creek and there's one one toward espanyol but I can't remember the name of the town. But the only one who has up horses is the one cow Creek. So we have to go feed.
Sherrie Martinez: To feed them. So we have now us daughters have to do it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nice.
Sherrie Martinez: But it's cool. It's not nice. I liked it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, to get out and to be able to do something other than the repetitive thing that you do.
Sherrie Martinez: Oh my god it was driving. It's driving me nuts. It drives me nuts.
Sherrie Martinez: But otherwise, yeah, everything was. It was cool.
Sherrie Martinez: It was nice to stay in a cabin. It's an older cabin, and it was it was nice and cold. It was really cold.
Sherrie Martinez: But it was nice.
Sherrie Martinez: I loved it being up there in silence. My phone doesn't get so it was like, No phone, no, no nothing. So it was cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It sounds cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, sounds very therapeutic.
Yeah.
Sherrie Martinez: So yes, so I volunteered. I said yes. Okay, Dad, because my dad still works. He doesn't want to retire, for some reason, and he's 68 and he works for PNM
Sherrie Martinez: Oh wow, for the public service in New Mexico.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Uh huh.
Sherrie Martinez: And he doesn't want to retire and he keeps he was supposed to retire. Last month, and he keeps putting it off and I don't know why he said he's afraid.
Sherrie Martinez: Of yeah yeah
Sherrie Martinez: He's, uh, he doesn't know what to do with himself, because he's been working for almost 40 years
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, non you know everyday oil to stop and everything and
Sherrie Martinez: So, yeah.
Sherrie Martinez: And yeah.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah. And then he was a single father with three girls and one boy.
Sherrie Martinez: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I'm amazing.
Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my gosh, you're so lucky.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, he was hard though he was very strict very, very strict with us. I remember how I told him to sneak out and I get spankings
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Sherrie Martinez: Because I used to sneak out of the house.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you did you do it a lot.
Yeah.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, I was bad. Yeah, you got it. And I was awful.
Sherrie Martinez: And I look
Sherrie Martinez: Out the window and finally
Sherrie Martinez: One time he caught me because
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know
Sherrie Martinez: Lift the window and
Sherrie Martinez: I broke me
Sherrie Martinez: So, yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I hate you didn't get to go out that night.
Sherrie Martinez: I got in trouble.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you were the bad one.
Sherrie Martinez: My brother, my brother with that kids.
Sherrie Martinez: Like the like the ones that didn't listen
Sherrie Martinez: I don't know why.
Sherrie Martinez: I don't know.
Sherrie Martinez: And my other two sisters are the good ones.
Sherrie Martinez: So home and they didn't disobey their good and they never did drugs, stuff like that. And, you know, once a nurse and my other ones that she works for she's
Sherrie Martinez: Works for lithium Chrysler Jeep dodge for Libya and
Sherrie Martinez: Not me.
Sherrie Martinez: So she sounds like she's the manager in the office. So she does pretty well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow, he's
The oldest
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow, that's pretty amazing. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So here's the big question.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How's your drinking them this week.
Sherrie Martinez: I'm okay. I've been to. I went to those. I went to that virtual thing my daughter showed me how it was weird. It was cool, though it was cool. I liked it. I listened. I didn't participate
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Sherrie Martinez: Way too many people I have to get into I guess not to be shy and I'm
Sherrie Martinez: Because cuz I got used to use. I could talk to you, but like
Sherrie Martinez: Um, no. It was cool. I liked it. I don't mind. It was awesome. My daughter, she'll be happy to do it and
So, yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And is it helping
Sherrie Martinez: It's healthy because
Sherrie Martinez: Some days I want it. Some days I don't. Yeah.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah. Some days I want to drink some days. I'm like, man, and
Sherrie Martinez: Then
Sherrie Martinez: Other days I wanted like all day. Some days I don't want to rub off.
Sherrie Martinez: On
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The wedding. I do.
Sherrie Martinez: When I
Sherrie Martinez: Go to those virtual places.
When I
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good, good, good. I'm glad. And how are things going with your son.
Sherrie Martinez: Good, he just he was within that in Rio Rancho
Sherrie Martinez: And so human is that the state is that picks them up on. Well, if he goes, because he has a girlfriend now. So sometimes his girlfriend doesn't like when he goes to say that many days with is that I don't know why.
Sherrie Martinez: But he was with his dad and they he was sending me pictures of brownies him and his dad made and they were just
Sherrie Martinez: They make they make
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They make them good
Sherrie Martinez: They don't know. They look like they look really they
Sherrie Martinez: They looked. They didn't look good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you eat him.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, he did. Let me take all this off because
Sherrie Martinez: I yeah they they put like strawberries on on it for the picture to make it look prettier.
Go to Cuba.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's funny. That is so fun. So everything is going good. You've started engaging in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In self help groups, which is good. Right. Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And any issues this week, any high anxiety.
Sherrie Martinez: Stress. It's my, um,
Sherrie Martinez: My hands. I've been putting this cream on it for my I have psoriasis.
Sherrie Martinez: And I was just
Sherrie Martinez: Putting it I have it on my knee and my hands, that's been bothering me a lot. So I've been just putting it on my hands and and they prescribed it to me.
Sherrie Martinez: And it's just, it's everything just not the skin. It's like my hands are in my knee and it's a card like clicks. Every time I'm walking stuff that's been bugging me this why I don't know all of a sudden
You're
Sherrie Martinez: It's, yeah, uh huh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anything. It's the weather. How's the weather.
Sherrie Martinez: It's windy really windy and hot
Sherrie Martinez: It's
Sherrie Martinez: It's really hot. We have our air conditioners on now.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, we have to put our air conditioners, but um yeah so it bothered me this week. Big time. And I didn't like it, and it's never got back my hands up really bad. Yeah, so
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah.
Sherrie Martinez: Are you able to see your doctor.
Sherrie Martinez: Well, no, I have already seen him. I have seen him to like a virtual clinic like this and he gave me the cream and stuff, but I need to see him because they're hurting
Sherrie Martinez: Like they're hurting. It's not actually the the scratching and all the sort of like the sun is on it. It's they're hurting me.
Sherrie Martinez: Like it's hurting to pick up things now and into my knee my knee back
Sherrie Martinez: Net that this one but this one. It's really bad. I started respecting it so much.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, so basically it's the way it looks ugly and I never thought that that bugs me because I never had my legs like that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it's a internal right it's not external so it's not the psoriasis. It's got to be like in the bones or something.
Sherrie Martinez: I can get asked to do with bones and my skin or some reason, I don't know, I just wanted to get that ugliness off so they gave me some cream.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Uh huh.
Sherrie Martinez: And on my hands. Oh, especially back to wear gloves out and everything that loves made it even worse, and then wash my hands too much made it oh 10 times worse.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So yeah, I believe it.
Sherrie Martinez: That's all that's been bugging me. Is this some this week is just this
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, just
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, it's not too bad. At least I'm not, I don't have cancer, anything
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and you're able to get out and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, with the horses and
Standing
Sherrie Martinez: Oh, I gave him an apple and he I was when I was giving the apple to he made it into like applesauce in my hand.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It was in your head.
Sherrie Martinez: In my head I was getting into him and he was
Sherrie Martinez: But it was cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He likes apples and
Sherrie Martinez: carrots and apples. I gave them. I gotta give them those traits and then we have to take that whole bunch of a young man, we have
Sherrie Martinez: Carried on the truck. Um, it's hard. I didn't think it was
Sherrie Martinez: It was pretty hard to lift the bills and
Sherrie Martinez: I didn't know
Sherrie Martinez: My dad always had it done.
Sherrie Martinez: And I didn't know I was like, wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This is a lot of work.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which is which is really good. You know, if you think about it, it's not bad.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know it's good for you.
Sherrie Martinez: Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I wish there was a different kind of gloves that you could use that wouldn't affect your horizon so bad you know
Sherrie Martinez: I know yes it does in a do it affects it when I go out to the store. I have my master, we have, I have quite a few masks, even for the kids. We have them like really nicely designed
Sherrie Martinez: Uh huh. And we go out and I have been wearing gloves. I wear gloves everything and it really bothers them. I mean, that just when I take them off my hands are swollen and red.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh wow, what kind of gloves news.
Sherrie Martinez: Well, I just been using these white like I guess the surgical gloves. We got them from a website because we couldn't find any in the stores. There's none at Walgreens at Walmart, Target, anyway. So we ordered some and first pair of that came the box that came with
Sherrie Martinez: None of us could put them on our hands. We ordered another box. We got wheat. Sighs What medium, they'll fit. They really
Sherrie Martinez: Anything that I put on my hands.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it sounds
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It sounds like you might have an allergic reaction to latex to the gloves themselves.
Sherrie Martinez: I never checked that I was thinking that to my step mom was telling me on my because when I took them off. Oh my.
Sherrie Martinez: Goodness, you need to check that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. That's what it sounds like to me maybe try. What about some kind of there's other kinds of gloves. You can get that are latex free
Sherrie Martinez: And I was thinking, just to wear
Sherrie Martinez: Normal gloves, like, you know, like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, England's or something.
Sherrie Martinez: Just like went to last one is awesome. I guess after
Sherrie Martinez: Because those don't bother me like a pair of little kind of
Sherrie Martinez: Like, yeah, yeah. And those don't bother me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe you should
And then
Sherrie Martinez: Next,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or you could put those on and then put the latex gloves over them.
Sherrie Martinez: That's very smart. Yes, I have to get large
But yes.
Sherrie Martinez: Yes, that's, that's very true.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good, and safe. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And if they get worse. I would get back in with your doctor.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, and he's pretty good about
Sherrie Martinez: See me right away.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good. And how has your mental state been
Sherrie Martinez: My mental state. Oh, I think it's, I kind of have like I'm
Sherrie Martinez: Like racing that in the night when I'm not falsely having racing thoughts about everything about my son about my life about my past everything I just think about things that feel guilty.
Sherrie Martinez: And then after a while, I guess I'm racing so much that I fall asleep.
Sherrie Martinez: But that's it. Nothing else. I don't feel
Sherrie Martinez: I don't feel sad or suicidal or anything, as long as the subject of my son, leaving comes up.
Sherrie Martinez: I'm okay.
Sherrie Martinez: Still has a whole year of school, so I have to always remember that he has your school
Sherrie Martinez: Yes, or change his mind.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, then you know yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, and you just got to keep that in the forefront of your mind. You know what I mean, and don't give it too much space right now. You know, because he does have a year left before he goes
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just don't know you know his path might veer a different direction. You just, you just don't know.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, I don't know. I don't know. Sometimes
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, it seems like he's pretty getting everything done and getting ready, they're just waiting for him to graduate. But since my mother came from.
Sherrie Martinez: Now you see his dad more. That's what surprised me. He wasn't like that with it that
Sherrie Martinez: He wasn't like, you know, wanting to visit his data for with is that like that.
Sherrie Martinez: Now he is not really pricing.
Sherrie Martinez: Analysis. Wow. Okay, well, why doesn't want a relationship with his death. So because his, his sister, Dallas my daughter.
Sherrie Martinez: She's oh my god they're close and she sees him every son. She goes, Sunday through Thursday.
Sherrie Martinez: Wednesday either Wednesday or Thursday depends, but every Sunday. I'm there for
Sherrie Martinez: My daughter Dallas and
Sherrie Martinez: And her dad Shannon, but it was never like that. And now he is weird.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is given him an opportunity. You know, when kids grow their one thing about kids as they're the most forgiving. You know what I mean. And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It sounds like he's given his dad an opportunity
Sherrie Martinez: I didn't know. So because he's always been close to me. Becky and but now. Wow. I'm see that just wants to be with
Sherrie Martinez: Laughs I'm not very good of your life, you know, because he's that kind of hurt sometimes because he
Sherrie Martinez: Wanted me, when now she's like going in and spending time with him. And I was like,
Sherrie Martinez: Oh, it's awesome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and it's good for him.
Sherrie Martinez: You know what I mean. Yeah. Cuz they're the ones who made the brownies together they make brownies together. So I thought, Wow, that was so cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is cool. Oh.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How's your relationship with them.
Sherrie Martinez: I wish I was there to staff.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah. Oh, great. I think we're better off friends and been married
Sherrie Martinez: We're good friends were really good friends, instead of being married and then yeah, where he has to other kids from his wife. Now, but we're good friends. We speak normal we don't fly. We don't talk about each other. We have a really good relationship. Now it's better now. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is really, really good. Yeah. So this past week. How many out of the seven days since I saw you last, how many days did you drink. How many days did you not
Sherrie Martinez: Go.
Sherrie Martinez: Oh, amazing. Okay, so I didn't drink this weekend because I have to be there.
Sherrie Martinez: Well, I drink like I think of beer not shocked I drink beer.
Sherrie Martinez: But it wasn't like a whole bunch of years. I wasn't chugging or anything.
Sherrie Martinez: Mom, I think, I think like one or two beers cool down and stuff. After the work. IT WAS ON SATURDAY AND THEN SUNDAY.
Sherrie Martinez: We had a couple
Sherrie Martinez: But it wasn't a whole bunch
Sherrie Martinez: It was beers, not my partner.
Sherrie Martinez: Right. And I got back into town.
Sherrie Martinez: I got back into town on Monday. And yes, I went and got up shocks right away. I went and got my spin on
Sherrie Martinez: So I didn't have it. The weekend and a half years just couple some really like on that. I'll see someone you know it was hot and we have worked Saturday. So, Saturday, Sunday, I didn't have it Monday when I got back into town.
Sherrie Martinez: I went right away and got my SPIN ON AND YESTERDAY. No today. Not yet.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Sherrie Martinez: But not really.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Cuz we're
Sherrie Martinez: Not coming into town with with that wanted
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So when
What I want you
Sherrie Martinez: I
Sherrie Martinez: Want for their away.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Makes sense.
Sherrie Martinez: I get sad for them and I missed them and so on.
Sherrie Martinez: But not a lot though. I don't drink bottles. I do.
Sherrie Martinez: And I know it's still not good for my health and everything that I do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And because you're on Suboxone
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So boxy and alcohol or not a good mix.
Sherrie Martinez: Tell me why, tell me, because if you give me a good reason then also looking really, I mean all if it's gonna really mess with my health, then I'll scare everything scares me. Tell me what it does something back to me.
Sherrie Martinez: So I might get scared and I will
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. So, um, what happens with Suboxone is that attaches itself to the receptors that the opioids attached to. Right.
Sherrie Martinez: So, it blocks that piece.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, so there is a there is a minimal amount of opioids in Suboxone. All right, which is a depressant right alcohol is a depressant.
Sherrie Martinez: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're adding
Sherrie Martinez: To depressing depressing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Exactly. And so, hold on. I gotta my door just came open for a second, hold on me close my door.
All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you're adding two depressants in your body at the same time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're not going to get the same effect taking Suboxone out of drinking because it covers those receptors alcohol and opioids attach themselves to the same receptors.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But with enough alcohol, you can knock it knock off the Suboxone off of those receptors and go into full blown withdrawal.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Sherrie Martinez: I understand it. I see sometimes
Sherrie Martinez: That it doesn't work.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah.
Sherrie Martinez: That's why. Okay. And I didn't know why. And while I kind of Dean and I kind of figured
Sherrie Martinez: It doesn't seem to work when I drink, but when I don't drink it works perfectly fine. Yeah. So I did kind of notice that. Okay, so you make it. That's a lot of sense. Oh, see, yes.
Sherrie Martinez: Okay. All right. I didn't know that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's dangerous because with two depressants in your system.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Go to sleep and not wake up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Really know you think about it, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so when you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ever think about it, when you overdose on opioids you overdose because you take such a
Sherrie Martinez: Such a high amount that you quit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You quit breathing.
Sherrie Martinez: Your high school right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your heart slows down everything slows down.
So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you OD everything slows down to a point that it stops.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Sherrie Martinez: OK, I understand.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know you've done yeah and
Sherrie Martinez: That's the thing that scares me and you put that in my mind and I. Other than that, things like that scares me. I will stop because
Sherrie Martinez: I have to be here for my children.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you're you struggle too badly with it. You can always ask the doctor about medication for the cravings, because there is medication that they have for that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So if you are trying to stop and it's not working, talk to the doctor about that and he can put you on some temporary medication to help you with that piece of it until you, you know, are able to stop altogether. Okay.
Sherrie Martinez: Okay thank you know that's not nice. No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's not a good cocktail.
Know,
Sherrie Martinez: Now I'm worried now my mind playing along worries. Okay, this task, stop.
Sherrie Martinez: Yes. Oh.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No idea. You know, is to get you to a point where you can be completely clean and sober. Right. And eventually, at one point, get off the box and so that you can have that clean and sober life. Right. Yes.
Sherrie Martinez: Yes, I would love that.
Sherrie Martinez: That would be awesome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that's the goal.
Sherrie Martinez: Okay. Okay. Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So when you're this week, when you're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you find yourself and you're trying not to to drink. You're trying not to drink. You're trying not to drink, and it's not working. Try your virtual group.
Sherrie Martinez: See if that helps to get out of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your head. See if it helps you get out of bed. All right, you're not going to do a perfect and I don't expect you to do a perfect but I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I do expect you to try
Sherrie Martinez: Yes, of course. I do track, I guess.
Sherrie Martinez: I will, and I want to I want it bad. So I do try. I want to be.
Sherrie Martinez: Sober right, Mom.
Sherrie Martinez: Mother, did you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know, I know you're good, Jerry, you know, and you've, you are doing what you need to do and you just got to keep doing it. You know, and it's not going to be easy. I'm not gonna lie. You know, it's not easy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But it's doable.
Sherrie Martinez: Yes, it is. I've tried, and I've done it before, but I just fall back into the same thing. I'm kind of because of it seems like I have to leave this town to get away from me. That's how it feels to me.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, yeah. Because there's so many influences and people and friends. And so it's hard.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is hard.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is hard. You've just got to be stronger than all of that.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, and that's why I like being home now because I don't have to, but then sometimes they come here, they
Sherrie Martinez: Don't I don't have to answer them. And a lot of times I have. I don't. So, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It makes a difference.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. So that's, that's kind of what I want you to try this week. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And if it can stop it. Two out of three times or even one out of three times in the beginning, then that's that's progress.
Sherrie Martinez: Right. Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes. So I just want to throw that out there, too, is that I don't expect you to do it 100% the first week that we're trying to implement this stuff. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's not a failure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So don't even think for one second that is a failure because it's not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's progress.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, did you have you talked to the doctor about your racing thoughts before bed. Is it, are you having nightmares and is it disrupting asleep.
Sherrie Martinez: I'm Whoa, oh my god. One night I had a horrible like there. It was just a scariest thing and I still haven't forgotten it is still like I'm
Sherrie Martinez: messes up my sleep because I'm scared to go in that certain blown cuz of that nightmare.
Sherrie Martinez: And I won't sleep in there. I've been like sleeping on the couch and stuff cause of that nightmare. But that was the only nightmare. I have
Sherrie Martinez: No, I haven't had any usually I have great dreams. I don't know. I want to stay asleep or I want to fall back asleep to get the same dream. Just that one time that was
Sherrie Martinez: And I'm terrified of that will
Sherrie Martinez: I won't go in there.
Sherrie Martinez: And
Sherrie Martinez: All these voicemails coming in whole bunch of voicemails keep coming in. Okay. Yeah, so that was the only night. It's been about a week or maybe two weeks that I've had it.
Sherrie Martinez: That night, man. I haven't had it and has happened to me again. I don't know if it was real or if it was a nightmare. I don't know, I can't, I don't know if it was well
Sherrie Martinez: I did. He is that real, but I don't
Sherrie Martinez: I don't. I just know I woke up.
Sherrie Martinez: And tears in freaking out and sat up and I couldn't even put my feet off the bed and go run to the light because I was scared.
Sherrie Martinez: But
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe you need to smudge the room.
Sherrie Martinez: With one of those. I have one, what's it called, it's like a little. Yes. And it's like a and it smells good, kind of like wait like take center stage.
Sherrie Martinez: I have one. And I have one. And I've been saving it and I bought it a long time ago.
Sherrie Martinez: And maybe it was something holding me like down with like blankets. It was the scariest thing I've ever felt in my life.
Sherrie Martinez: And they were like cat blankets and I could see Prince on my bed like Bonnie Prince of people, the people to I think we're holding it was just the scariest thing never nothing like that ever happened to me, my entire life until that night. And so that really, really messed up my mind.
Sherrie Martinez: And I seen it about real and I remember trying to call out, but I couldn't remember I couldn't call out and I was going like that I couldn't get anything out.
Sherrie Martinez: And then finally I just said, Please stop. And I started doing my prayer say my prayers and it stopped, and then I sat up and it was so dark.
Sherrie Martinez: pitch dark in my room. I was looking for my phone out of it. I found it and I got the light but I put it to me and I was too terrified to look around, you know, because I felt like something was still there.
Sherrie Martinez: I don't know. That was just weird. It was just the scariest thing like I would didn't want to look up or sideways, because I thought there's something still in that room with me or some it was
Sherrie Martinez: Never, never, nothing like that happened to me. I am still terrified to this day. I mean to go in that room. I will walk in that room.
Sherrie Martinez: I don't know if it was real.
Sherrie Martinez: Right, and that's the only time in my whole life anything's happened to me like that. And it hasn't happened since since I've never gotten that just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Kind of signifies the battle that you're going through
Sherrie Martinez: I was just scary.
Sherrie Martinez: But I do have that sage and it's wrapped it's green, and it's wrapped in some like white bread.
Sherrie Martinez: And but I've never, I've never been to one maybe now you're telling me before I looked it up and stuff. And I believe it, but maybe I should do it. And that yeah I maybe I'll go do it. And then you just just burn it and then just wave it around. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's one and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Once you wire.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, while you're in prayer.
Sherrie Martinez: And then just pray in my mind.
Sherrie Martinez: Okay.
Sherrie Martinez: That was just horrific and like, oh yeah, and I just remember I was up. I remember the time because I got my phone. It was three three or five and then it took me about 1520 minutes to get to, to get my feet off the bed to go turn on my lights, because I was so scared and I
Sherrie Martinez: Got my clock on my phone because I wouldn't. Um, I would. I didn't want to move. I was just like this with my phone and I didn't want to look anyone took me quite a while to get off my back.
Sherrie Martinez: Listen to what's going on.
Sherrie Martinez: So, yeah.
Yeah.
Sherrie Martinez: Yes, I love
Sherrie Martinez: That and I've heard that before but now that you told me now. Do it.
Sherrie Martinez: Now,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Will definitely do it.
Sherrie Martinez: Okay, well thank you I wasn't sure. But now that you told me about it. Then I will
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: smudging you use sage and you use it abalone shell and you use a feather. There's a certain kind of feather that you use, and you burn the sage in the shell.
Sherrie Martinez: And this
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Was there in the shells, called the abalone shell and you take the feather and you just
Sherrie Martinez: What if I don't have an opportunity to show
This video
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, just try it without it.
Sherrie Martinez: I it might work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm. And
Sherrie Martinez: Where would I get one of those shelves by needed
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You get it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You could get it at Amazon. Amazon carries them.
Sherrie Martinez: Okay and abalone. Yeah.
Sherrie Martinez: Because that room.
Sherrie Martinez: Always have freaked me out that certain room. It's in my parents house and it's an old house old old house. I mean, it's been there for ever and that room. Yes.
Sherrie Martinez: Got rooms always freaked me out. And that night I want I went and slept in my definitely staying over
Sherrie Martinez: At never sucked in that room before my my nephew was there from Seattle.
Sherrie Martinez: And so I slept in there to let him sleep in a good group like a better room. Not that I knew that was haunted room or something.
Sherrie Martinez: That's what happened.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, okay. You can see my screen.
Sherrie Martinez: Oh. Oh, nice. Awesome. I see it. And that's what I have the one
Sherrie Martinez: On the side I have that one right here on this side, not the dark one. But the light one I have that. OK, now I'm all awesome, awesome. Yes, ma'am. Thank you. I'm done. Okay, now. Yeah, I'm going to do that, that, that room scares me even all the time. It just scares me all the time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Saying
Sherrie Martinez: But I had to sleep in there that night. Oh my god, where do you get that. I mean, where do you find that stuff like
Amazon.
Sherrie Martinez: On Amazon. I was on you find, do I have to ask her.
Sherrie Martinez: I was on. I don't know how to shop on Amazon.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You could do it on your phone.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is what it is and you just type in in Google, Amazon com
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And in the in the search, search bar put this phrase right here.
Sherrie Martinez: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, and then it'll pull up all of this stuff that you see.
Okay, thank
Sherrie Martinez: You. Yeah, that one scares me. And maybe if I do something wrong, baby. People go on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's good. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And if you can see that it's a full
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's a full kit.
Sherrie Martinez: It's a full kit.
Sherrie Martinez: And are they like blessed or something.
Sherrie Martinez: Is that what it is is are they, blessed are
Sherrie Martinez: So powerful to take something like battling
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is a Native American culture.
To smudge
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The rooms and it does help. If you look right here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Where is it, it was just talking about it.
Sherrie Martinez: Energy away or
Sherrie Martinez: Anything that's bad. Yeah.
Sherrie Martinez: Cuz it just builds not right in that room. I don't know. I don't. I've never liked it.
Sherrie Martinez: I don't never liked
Sherrie Martinez: It scares me.
Sherrie Martinez: Since I was a kid, I never liked one in that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah. And it's all remodeled everything's done to it, everything. And it's nice, but just being in that it's just like, have all kinds of stuff for my grandparents and my old grandparents, my great grandparents. It has a lot of old things and stuff.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, and then they threw me in there. I have been there that night. So, yeah.
Sherrie Martinez: But
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Its energy. You know what I mean it's we, I believe.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will we're made up of energy. If you think about it, right, good and bad, we're made up of energy and what we put out in the world is what you know really kind of comes back. But if there's an energy in that room.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: smudging it and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, bringing in energy.
Sherrie Martinez: To another place.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, just get clears it
Sherrie Martinez: clears it out there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, okay.
Sherrie Martinez: So I'm gonna have to do that because nobody likes that room.
Sherrie Martinez: And probably think I'm a little wacky or weird anyways. They think that anyways but I'll just
Sherrie Martinez: See
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It shows you, I'm going to show this again because you can see what how to how to work it. All right.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right.
Sherrie Martinez: Okay you sent it to me. I see it. How would I think that, oh my goodness, I see it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See
Sherrie Martinez: That is so awesome.
Sherrie Martinez: That is you talking
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can actually smell yourself as well.
Sherrie Martinez: Just put it around me.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, as well. And what it does is it fights off bad energy and brings good energy helps that good energy that you that you put out in the world. It helps
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You, it helps bring it up. This is a, like a pad that goes in the bottom of the shell.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right here. See how they've got it.
Sherrie Martinez: Yes, yes. Oh, they're holding it underneath the shop or in a shop.
In
Sherrie Martinez: It's in the shop.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and you'll have a whole with the kit. It has a instructions on exactly what to do and how to use it and what it's for. And so it's pretty you know it's pretty amazing.
Sherrie Martinez: I'm gonna try it because I'm like
Sherrie Martinez: I don't like that place that room that room. This
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is
Sherrie Martinez: This is the fire when I walk by it.
Sherrie Martinez: I love it. I just can't do it. It's terrifies me. And I try to like go in and stuff. And I can't I just back when
Sherrie Martinez: I want
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can actually
Sherrie Martinez: Manage the whole house years you think the whole well I'm going to start off doing that room for that night and my parents will think I'm going to see my mind.
Sherrie Martinez: But I'll go to that room on my own.
Sherrie Martinez: And let's see what happens. And I'll have one of the kids stay in there.
Sherrie Martinez: I'll tell one of the kids tonight.
Sherrie Martinez: And like you don't even like sleeping in there, they will not go in there and my daughter Dallas. She has to come with nightmares. She comes out crying to me and wakes me up because of that, just that room.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's not good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it tells you right here, what it's for.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you read that.
Yeah.
Sherrie Martinez: Okay, I'm gonna have to get on to this because I'm gonna have to read this because I need to protect my baby, my daughter if she has both to see her, my parents or grandparents, and she has to sleep in that room. I don't like her, and there's like that.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, yeah. And she comes in. She's in tears and then sometimes she gets up in Dallas, my daughter.
Sherrie Martinez: She doesn't remember getting up and walking around and then doing weird things. It's weird that I don't know. I never told anybody cuz I don't want, I don't think I'm weird in lying.
Sherrie Martinez: But I'm not lying, and my daughter. I don't tell my parents. They just asked me, why was she up all night like that. And I said she had a nightmare in that room.
Sherrie Martinez: And I won't tell them why or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, and I don't see
Sherrie Martinez: Why, she's or why I asked like that that morning I was
Sherrie Martinez: Freaked out my dad is usually up like form. I was still up at three I stayed sitting up. And when I heard him get up at four 430 I
Sherrie Martinez: rushed out of that room because I'm so terrified. I was rushed out of the room went into the kitchen, where he was and he said, My I, why am I so big. What are you doing, I was doing something
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, and I said I nothing dad, I said nothing. I was having a bad night, man. And he goes, well to sit and have coffee with me that
Sherrie Martinez: But he said, My eyes were huge in that I did the right people's. What's wrong with you. You're supposed to be rested and sleepy. So yeah, so he saw something on my face that I did.
Sherrie Martinez: The ass later bye out scared.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Makes sense.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Very much so. So try that and see if that doesn't help.
Sherrie Martinez: I will, thank you so much for showing me that because I wasn't sure if it worked or not. I just thought, and I wasn't sure. And I didn't want to look dumb or, you know, I wasn't sure.
It works.
Sherrie Martinez: Thank you so much.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very much so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you have a list of things to do this week on what you're going to do.
Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I will see you in group on Friday.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Sherrie Martinez: All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me know on Friday, just, you don't have to. We don't have to talk about it in group, but just say you know it's it's working or it worked. One time or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. And that's all you got to say no one else has to know anything. All right.
Sherrie Martinez: All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And let me know.
Sherrie Martinez: Okay.
Sherrie Martinez: Okay. Yes, thank you. I'll tell you. I'll get on it. I have one, but I need to order that first
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I would order that shall and stuff. And I don't know how long it's gonna take
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: shouldn't take very long. Couple days no
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah. Okay. Okay.
Sherrie Martinez: All right.
Sherrie Martinez: Then, all right, all that, you know, when I do it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, awesome. Okay, sure. I'll see you Friday.
Sherrie Martinez: Okay, bye.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, bye.
Sherrie Martinez: Bye.
YouTube